we stopped at a Walmart in Trinidad
Colorado I went in for batteries I came
back out to the bus and it's just gotten
highlighted there was so many people in
front of the bus I was like wow and
there was a kid they told us it's the
sex-change capital in the world it's
famous for that sex-change capital of
the world is that we said
[Music]
what I like about us in is the night
you can get too much sometimes but you
just gotta stay chilled and you ever do
go out and party just go swimming the
next day and jumpings and cold water and
you feel fine
[Music]
yesterday we went for Lake all day and
basically just played around all day
driving boat this is amazing perfect day
you know everybody was just trippin how
fun it was
[Music]
the idea was we would come back to the
round and Joe would have changed around
please built this new addition and it's
just it looks awesome and I know those
guys work their asses off to get it done
in time Joe rich definitely one of the
raddest dudes in the world
it was just a true privilege to build it
right here with them and just see him
ride his backyard you know
[Music]
yo rich creates his style like one of
the best riders ever you know it's like
a dream coming true you're getting to
ride with everybody and just getting to
ride one of the props in the world
everything I expected this Ram to be
definitely exceeds it
[Music]
it's cool cuz everybody rides so
differently and all of them are so good
just such a good change to see just how
well what we made for ourselves to fit
our riding fits their riding just the
same and everybody has a good time
[Music]
the whole ride his deep torque was
amazing there was a lot of miles behind
this room it was a blast absolute blast
it's like thank buzz and everybody for
letting me come on this trip and it's
been a blessing great time
[Music]